fix(kafka): fix result handling when sending message with invalid header (#11508)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/fix-11508.en.md

> Fix message error handling on Kafka and Azure Event Hub bridges when headers translate to an invalid value.

Reviewer: AEH is not officially released yet.

```suggestion
Fix message error handling on Kafka bridge when headers translate to an invalid value.
```
